Allrecipes member mark gives these
boneless buffalo wings which were
submitted by Betty cook to thumbs up in
his words they are very very yummy and
were a huge hit with his friends they
are made with chicken breasts not the
Winx first we'll get the chicken ready
cut three skinless boneless chicken
breasts into half inch strips
wash your hands well after working with
the chicken now in a bowl combine one
cup of flour
two teaspoons of salt
half a teaspoon of ground black pepper
half a teaspoon of cayenne pepper
a quarter teaspoon of garlic powder
and half a teaspoon of paprika
blend those together and set the flour
mixture aside break one egg into a
boulder dish and then whisk in one cup
of milk
now we're ready for dipping dip each
chicken strip in the egg mixture and
then in the flour mixture
repeat the process so that the chicken
gets a double coating that's the secret
to these crispy morsels after all the
chicken strips have been coated put them
on a parchment lined baking sheet
now chill the chicken in the fridge for
at least 20 minutes don't be tempted to
skip this step since it's important in
making the breading adhere to the
chicken heat oil in a deep fat fryer or
a large skillet to 375 degrees fry the
chicken in small batches you don't want
to crowd them for about 5 to 6 minutes
or until they're nicely browned drain
the chicken strips on paper towels to
check for doneness cut into a strip and
if the juices run clear the chicken is
done once all the chicken is fried
combine a quarter cup of hot pepper
sauce and 1 tablespoon of melted butter
in a bowl
move the fried chicken strips to a large
bowl
and pour the sauce over them
toss the chicken in the sauce to coat
all the strips
serve these boneless buffalo wings with
a good-quality blue cheese dressing and
don't forget some crunchy celery sticks
for that complete Buffalo experience